Kerry Madsen congratulations win number
six of the season closest race in world
about la history you won by five
thousandth of a second how does that
feel it didn't I feel like I was doing a
pretty comfortably and managing traffic
quite well and it's got bottled up there
and I guess look I'm gotta run and
pretty lucky to get away with that one
but chuck was fantastic it was really
fun to race on obviously the fans are
great and just thank you so much to our
sponsors American Racing custom wheels
doesn't Murray femur FX Brian Morrison
engines just fantastic and thank you
very much to our crew Tyler Swank
Brandon Eikenberry chris bauer and just
hello it's more a patina at home thank
you looks like we can get back tomorrow
um big thank you to my owners Bob Gavin
its peak Gavin itch just just fantastic
to be a part of this team and we've been
doing all right lately but things like
we've been like you know it's not as
consistent we were so it's great
fantastic to get back in the winner's
circle the only cost should we had I'll
race you and daryn pittman drag race
down this down the front straightaway
and in the corner he got up high on the
cushion and you took advantage of that
lap traffic was really heavy after that
did you think you're gonna be able to
maintain everybody and get the win I
wasn't sure to be honest because you
don't know if lap traffic but I could
maneuver quite good for him so I wasn't
concerned I tried to kept the race pace
at a nice comfortable thing so I wasn't
getting muddled up and then just right
there at the end of nearly got bottled
up but you know they're definitely the
start was important but I think you had
to be in a maneuverable to traffic to
win the race so you know if you were
there and someone bobble you're gonna
get him so I was exciting from where I
was sitting with as many cars on the
track tonight were you expecting it to
go green all the way through except for
the first initial caution no no and then
we got that big long run and I'm
thinking alright just let's just go now
don't we just let's keep this run going
and it's always good dead so we put on a
good show and get a nice clean and quick
show for the fans and everyone did a
fantastic job out there tonight well
congratulations to Kerry Madsen ins
whole American Racing team on the sixth
win of the season
absolutely incredible job you maintain
with Kerry Madsen working in and on a
lap traffic tonight right at the end you
were right there did you think you got
him yeah I thought I had him I wasn't
sure is gonna be close they said it was
pretty close my buddy thought we won so
I guess that's this close you can get
hopefully I'll get it one day but
congratulations to carry my Roth
motorsports guys gave me a great car
that scene was awesome i know it's a
heavy racetrack but i hope you guys
enjoyed the race Thanks coming out on a
Sunday like I think dissing trees are
off to put me out here night in and
night out heavy track they gave me a
great car we pulls them tear offs and
hopefully made it interesting god i wish
i would have that one did you hear what
I when I told Carrie that this is the
closest finish in world of Allah history
that what happened to me I wish I was on
the other end of that but that's all
right I'll get one one of these years
and I'm gonna keep on racing keep on
trying so like I said thanks condensed
three so we're off my whole crew they
bust their butt get me a great car and
will do hopefully continue this on for
next week in King West leaving tonight
knowing how close you are in a second
place with World of Outlaws how much
confidence does this give you and your
team going into the rest of the season
here in California no it's a lot you
know we came to this week and struggling
and we ran top five every night so i'll
take that and i will move on with
momentum to keep on truckin along
congratulations to Kyle Hearst and his
whole Roth motorsports number 83 jr. and
tonight second place finish David lap
traffic was a huge factor tonight you
maintain pretty well you gained on your
teammate a little bit towards the end of
the race what did you need to hopefully
maybe get second or win tonight you know
we freed up all night but I'm still
flying the front end we had a good car
just missing it a little bit on exit but
uh you know we wanted the top three we
got one a good thing for collies had a
great weekend and I congrats to carry I
he did awesome too you know that one
restart there with everybody biking on
two wheels is pretty crazy and you know
we took advantage of it but I got Thank
tennis Theresa Roth oh my guys Scotty
Troy Brandon KBC chassis Speedway engine
just everybody helps out you know I
messed up last night I just wanted to
focus on getting a good finish and I got
that so hopefully we could build on this
and continue to run good as we're
standing on the racetrack there's still
a lot of grip in the track is it harder
to pass when there's so much grip yeah i
think the track was again you know
heavier and heavier as the race went on
it
group kind of moved down so you kind of
slow to your pace down but which made
you tighter so yeah it's really hard to
pass because the lab cars keep a decent
pace too and it was so hard to get by
them but you know we'll take third well
to Roth motor sports cars in tonight's
top three congratulations to David
gravel on tonight's third-place finish